Documentation/Usage.md, before:

####A apex region plugin to display tabs using a list template.####
The way two level tabs are displayed in Apex is limited. For instance only the standard tabs belonging to the current parent tab are rendered. This plug-in does not only render the standard tabs for the current parent tab but for the other parent tabs as well. So it becomes possible to display the tabs as a drop down menu. For the HTML rendering a list template is used. Giving you as developer complete control over how the tabs are rendered.  
###Installation###
With this installation package there is a plug-in installation file named:
**region_type\_plugin\_net\_vanbaren\_apex\_tab\_menu\_list\_v1.01.sql**.   
Navigate to **Shared Components** => **Plug-ins** and click **Import**. From there you can follow the wizard to upload and install the plug-in using the file above. After the plug-in has been installed successfully you will be redirected to the plug-in edit screen.  
To be able to use the setting **Use conditions** the package _apex$checks_ needs to be installed. The code can be found in the folder **source/sql**. When you install the package into a different schema then the parsing schema don't forget the grant execute rights and use a synonym.
###Settings###
- **Template**: Name of list template. Template is used to render the html of the region. The template needs to belong to the current theme. And the name is case sensitive.
- **Include single tab**: Should the tab be include if it is the only one?  
  If the parent tab has only a single tab:
  - **No** The parent tab gets the url of the tab. And the tab is not rendered.
  - **Yes** The parent tab and the tab are both rendered.
- **Parent link**: Should the parent have a link?
  - **No** The link attribute is replaced by "#"
  - **Yes** The link of the parent tab.
  - If **include single tab** is _no_ the parent tab will have the link of the tab when there is only one tab. Even when **Parent link** is set to _no_.  
- **Observe tabs conditions.**: Should the conditions and authorization scheme be taken into while generating the tabs?  
  - **Yes** The conditions are taken into account meaning that when the condition is false the (parent) tab will not be generated.
    Can only be used when the package _apex$checks_ is available for the parsing scheme.
  - **No** No matter the conditions or authorization all (parent) tabs are generated.

Commit message:

Change of name of the plugin.
Changed the name of the plugin. And added a title page and a table of
contents to the pdf. And a FAQ section to the readme.

Documentation/Usage.md, after:

The way two level tabs are displayed in Apex is limited. For instance only the standard tabs belonging to the current parent tab are rendered. This plug-in does not only render the standard tabs for the current parent tab but for the other parent tabs as well. So it becomes possible to display the tabs as a drop down menu. For the HTML rendering a list template is used. Giving you as developer complete control over how the tabs are rendered. This plugin is the next evolution step of the region plugin Tab submenu which uses the page templates. This template uses a list template for its rendering which is a more natural fit. 
##Installation##
With this installation package there is a plug-in installation file named:
**region_type\_plugin\_net\_vanbaren\_apex\_tab\_menu\_list\_v1.01.sql**.   
Navigate to **Shared Components** => **Plug-ins** and click **Import**. From there you can follow the wizard to upload and install the plug-in using the file above. After the plug-in has been installed successfully you will be redirected to the plug-in edit screen.  
To be able to use the setting **Use conditions** the package _apex$checks_ needs to be installed. The code can be found in the folder **source/sql**. When you install the package into a different schema then the parsing schema don't forget the grant execute rights and use a synonym.
##Settings##
- **Template**: Name of list template. Template is used to render the html of the region. The template needs to belong to the current theme. And the name is case sensitive.
- **Include single tab**: Should the tab be include if it is the only one?  
  If the parent tab has only a single tab:
  - **No** The parent tab gets the url of the tab. And the tab is not rendered.
  - **Yes** The parent tab and the tab are both rendered.
- **Parent link**: Should the parent have a link?
  - **No** The link attribute is replaced by "#"
  - **Yes** The link of the parent tab.
  - If **include single tab** is _no_ the parent tab will have the link of the tab when there is only one tab. Even when **Parent link** is set to _no_.  
- **Observe tabs conditions.**: Should the conditions and authorization scheme be taken into while generating the tabs?  
  - **Yes** The conditions are taken into account meaning that when the condition is false the (parent) tab will not be generated.
    Can only be used when the package _apex$checks_ is available for the parsing scheme.
  - **No** No matter the conditions or authorization all (parent) tabs are generated.
